Updating Python docs to include the Create Environment command (#5761)
microsoft/vscode-docs: docs/python/environments.md

## Creating environments

### Using the Create Environment Command

> From within VS Code, you can create non-global environments, using Venv or Anaconda, by opening the Command Palette (Ctrl+Shift+P), start typing the `Python: Create Environment` command to search, and then select the command. You can also trigger the `Python: Create Environment' command through the Getting Started with Python page.

Author: ```suggestion
From within VS Code, you can create non-global environments, using Venv or Anaconda, by opening the Command Palette (Ctrl+Shift+P), start typing the `Python: Create Environment` command to search, and then select the command. 
```

> The command presents a list of environment types, Venv or Conda.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The command presents a list of environment types: **Venv** or **Conda**.
```

![Create Environment dropdown](images/environments/create_environment_dropdown.png)

> If you are creating an environment using **Venv**, the command presents a list of interpreters that can be used for your project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are creating an environment using **Venv**, the command presents a list of interpreters that can be used as a base for the new virtual environment.
```
